about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

The PeriHPX organization is a collaboration of [researchers](/team) developing a simulation code for various non local models, e.g. [peridynamics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peridynamics). 

The code [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/nonlocalmodels/NLMech.svg)](https://GitHub.com/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/releases/) is released on [GitHub](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels) using [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalmodels.github.io.svg)](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalmodels.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE). The master branch  has the status [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/NLMech.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalheatequation). The code quality of the master branch is [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/118379d7d745464584b73e9e06f60462)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/NLMech?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=nonlocalmodels/NLMech&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) and the test coverage is [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/nonlocalmodels/NLMech?branch=master). We have [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nonlocalmodels/nlmech.svg)](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/issues).

The latest documentation is available [here](https://perihpx.github.io/documentation/).

The code uses the C++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency ([HPX](https://github.com/STEllAR-GROUP)) for its parallel and distributed implementation. 

Following packages are available:

* [build tools](https://github.com/perihpx/buildscripts) for an ease installation, and.
* [HPCBuildInfrastructure](https://github.com/perihpx/HPCBuildInfrastructure) for an ease installation of any HPC environment,

Please cite following publications, if you use the code

*  P. Diehl, P. K. Jha, H. Kaiser, R. Lipton, and M. Lévesque. An asynchronous and task-based implementation of peridynamics utilizing hpx—the C++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency. SN Applied Sciences, 2(12):2144, 2020, [10.1007/s42452-020-03784-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s42452-020-03784-x), [Preprint](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.06917). 

and for more [publications](https://perihpx.github.io/publications/), we refer to. 

Following mailing lists are available to contact the community: for [developers](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-developers), for [users](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-users), and for contacting the [core developers](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-fellows). For some more interactive experience, please join the irc channel `#perihpx` on [libera.chat](https://web.libera.chat).

Commit message:

Add the HPX JOSS paper for more details

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

The PeriHPX organization is a collaboration of [researchers](/team) developing a simulation code for various non local models, e.g. [peridynamics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peridynamics). 

The code [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/nonlocalmodels/NLMech.svg)](https://GitHub.com/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/releases/) is released on [GitHub](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels) using [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalmodels.github.io.svg)](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalmodels.github.io/blob/master/LICENSE). The master branch  has the status [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/NLMech.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/nonlocalheatequation). The code quality of the master branch is [![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/118379d7d745464584b73e9e06f60462)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/nonlocalmodels/NLMech?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=nonlocalmodels/NLMech&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) and the test coverage is [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/nonlocalmodels/NLMech?branch=master). We have [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nonlocalmodels/nlmech.svg)](https://github.com/nonlocalmodels/NLMech/issues).

The latest documentation is available [here](https://perihpx.github.io/documentation/).

The code uses the C++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency ([HPX](https://github.com/STEllAR-GROUP)) for its parallel and distributed implementation. For more details, we refer to [![DOI](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.02352/status.svg)](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.02352). 

Following packages are available:

* [build tools](https://github.com/perihpx/buildscripts) for an ease installation, and.
* [HPCBuildInfrastructure](https://github.com/perihpx/HPCBuildInfrastructure) for an ease installation of any HPC environment,

Please cite following publications, if you use the code

*  P. Diehl, P. K. Jha, H. Kaiser, R. Lipton, and M. Lévesque. An asynchronous and task-based implementation of peridynamics utilizing hpx—the C++ standard library for parallelism and concurrency. SN Applied Sciences, 2(12):2144, 2020, [10.1007/s42452-020-03784-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s42452-020-03784-x), [Preprint](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.06917). 

and for more [publications](https://perihpx.github.io/publications/), we refer to. 

Following mailing lists are available to contact the community: for [developers](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-developers), for [users](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-users), and for contacting the [core developers](https://groups.google.com/g/perihpx-fellows). For some more interactive experience, please join the irc channel `#perihpx` on [libera.chat](https://web.libera.chat).
